Scum Puppy - Honey Island Swamp Monster is Runnin’ the Fray

Lyrics:

[Intro]
	Announcer:
		"Ladies and Gentlemen! It is time for our main event...
		Two muddy monsters are ready to battle for the title of king of the swamp!
		In this corner, hailing from Fouke, Arkansas...
		Give it up for The Beast of Boggy Creek!"
	Beast of Boggy Creek:
		"Yo, Honey Island Swamp Monster, You're a has been foo!
		This Boggy Creek monsta is waiting to stomp all over you and your crew!"
	Announcer:
		"And in this corner, from Saint Tammany Parish, Louisiana...
		Raise the roof for The Honey Island Swamp Monster!"
	Honey Island Swamp Monster:
		"What up, Boggy Creek Beast?
		I'm ready to throw down and have a Fouke Monster feast!"
	Announcer:
		"Let the mud slinging begin!"
[Verse 1]
	Beast of Boggy Creek:
		"You slither like a snake, but I glide like a frog,
		In the murky waters, I’m the realest in the bog,
		You’re a legend, they say, but it’s memories you keep,
		While I’m feasting on your dreams, I’m the monster of the deep."
	Honey Island Swamp Monster:
		"Beast of Boggy Creek, thinkin’ you're fly,  
		But in this swamp, man, you just a lie,  
		Claimin' that you’re tough, like you can’t be denied,  
		But Honey Island stands, with that real beast pride."
	Beast of Boggy Creek:
		"Your roar isn’t scary, just a whisper in the night,
		I’m the king of the jungle, got the swamp on lock tight,
		You misstep, now you're trapped in my lyrical snare,
		Better recognize the crown, better show some despair."
	Honey Island Swamp Monster:
		"You roam through the murk, thinkin’ you impress,  
		But you ain't got the skills, just a swamp full of mess,  
		Swingin’ that roar, but it’s lost in the mist,  
		Honey Monster's here, you can't handle this twist."
[Chorus 1]
	Beast of Boggy Creek:
		"Step back, Honey Island, you ain’t the king,
		Beast of Boggy Creek, let the real ones sing,
		Claiming you’re the monster, but what do you bring?
		In the swamp's throne room, you ain't got a thing."
	Honey Island Swamp Monster:
		"Yo, Boggy Creek, you ain't the king of the bay,  
		Honey Island Monster, runnin’ the fray,  
		Step off the throne, better clear the way,  
		Swamp's got a new ruler, and you just a prey."
[Verse2]
	Beast of Boggy Creek:
		"Legends fade away, but Bogy's here to stay bold,
		Wanna dance in my territory? Watch your back, behold,
		From the cypress trees, my shadows stretch long,
		While you stumble over roots like you don’t belong."
	Honey Island Swamp Monster:
		"Boggy struts through the reeds, claimin’ you supreme,  
		But Honey's got the clout, you just a bad dream,  
		Tryna take a shot, but you miss by a mile,  
		Swamp's crown's too heavy for your feeble style."
	Beast of Boggy Creek:
		"You think you’re the terror, but Boggy's the nightmare ya feel,
		Every step you take echoes, listen how it’s real,
		I’m the echo in the swamp that will never go out,
		So bow down, Honey Island, let me hear your doubt."
	Honey Island Swamp Monster:
		"Chasin’ the fame, but it’s all just a bluff,  
		Real monster here, and I’m callin’ your bluff,  
		So step back, Boggy Beast, it’s time to face facts,  
		Honey Island’s kingpin, put your game in relax."
[Chorus 2]
	Beast of Boggy Creek:
		"Boggy Creek's the name, the crown's on my head,
		You're just a soggy footnote, barely even read!
		Honey Island's a tourist trap, a fabricated fright,
		I'm the real deal monster, stalkin' in the night!
		So step aside, you swamp scrub, you ain't got the clout,
		The Boggy Creek Monster's reign, you can't doubt!"
	Honey Island Swamp Monster:
		"Honey Island King, crown made of cypress vine
		You a washed up crypto, past your prime!
		Heard you got no teeth, just gums and greasy hair
		While I'm eatin' crawfish, livin' life beyond compare!
		Boggy Creek bum, you a legend in your head
		Stay in Arkansas, 'fore I leave you for dead!"
[Outro - Monsters Roaring]
	The Beast of Boggy Creek vs. The Honey Island Swamp Monster 
	Who came out on top? You decide.

© 2026 Brian Artwick