Scum Puppy - Straight Outta Waynesville

Lyrics:

[Verse 1]
	Straight outta Waynesville, a crazy motha' trucka' named Bagger,
	From the Blue Ridge Mountains he's rockin' Crocks with a swagger!
	Cruisin' through Gatlinburg, dodging Anakeesta crowds,
	Lookin' for the weirdest, loudest, proudest things allowed!
	Stopped at Hillbilly Golf, played a couple of rounds,
	Then to World of Illusions taking in sights and sounds!
	He hits up Dollywood, then Biltmore's grand hall,
	From Pigeon Forge to Asheville, he's seein' it all!
	Next stop, at the pinball museum he explores,
	High above the city, his drone, Possum Two soars!
[Chorus]
	Straight outta Waynesville, he's a travelin' fool!
	Got his GPS locked and a tank full of fuel!
	Straight outta Waynesville, travel is his middle name!
	Huntin' down adventure, and spreading roadside fame!
[Verse 2]
	Cruisin' Route 66 from the Santa Monica Pier,
	In Chicago, dancing on the Sky Deck -no fear!
	Carpetmobile is full of Big Red and Cheerwine,
	72 ounce of steak at the Big Texan to dine!
	Rollin' with a camera, documenting the strange,
	Preserving the quirky, rearranging the range
	Of what you think is cool, what you think is fly,
	He's from Haywood County, that's a fact, don't even try,
	To tell him there ain't magic hidden in the cracks,
	He find the funkiest spots, no turnin' back!
[Chorus]
	Straight outta Waynesville, he's about to explore,
	Every twisted tourist trap from shore to shore!
	Haunted houses, amusement parks, giant balls of twine,
	It's Carpetbagger on the loose -keepin' it real every time!
[Bridge]
	Yo, he's The Carpetbagger, reppin' Waynesville strong,
	Showin' the world where he comes from, all along!
	So get your map ready and your sense of humor tight,
	'Cause we're about to explore North Carolina, day and night!
	Went to Myrtle Beach, and the Gay Dolphin Cove,
	All along amassing his pressed penny treasure trove!
	Wall Drug, South of the Border, Robert the doll,
	Meow Wolf and Casa Bonita, he's seen it all!
	Archie McPhee, Laughing Sal, Musée Mécanique,
	The Carpetbagger reveals the Thing in the desert heat!
[Chorus]
	Straight outta Waynesville, he's a travelin' fool!
	Got his GPS locked and a tank full of fuel!
	Straight outta Waynesville, travel is his middle name!
	Huntin' down adventure, and spreading roadside fame!
[Outro]
	"Thank you for joining me on the long lonely road...
	You help keep this train on the track, this boat in the water, and this dirigible in the air...
	Until next time, my friends, this one is in the bag"

© 2026 Brian Artwick