Scum Puppy - Jimson Sirkus (Welcome to the Bigtop)

Lyrics:

[Verse]
	Step into the spotlight, I crack the whip with a grin,
	Top hat confidence, let the spectacle begin.
	No safety net, no tame act, no small talk,
	Jimson Sirkus in the flesh, welcome to the shock!
	Step right up, don’t blink, don’t stall, don’t stall!
	See the wildest rhythm freak bangin’ skins on the wall!
	I bark for the strange, for the lost, for the loud,
	Beat-smith of the midway, pullin’ freaks from the crowd!
[Chorus]
	Welcome to the bigtop, hear the madness pop!
	Bigtop! Bigtop! Never gon’ stop!
	Welcome to the bigtop, metal, rap, no leash!
	Welcome to the bigtop, unleash the beast!
[Verse]
	I’ve toured through the fire, shook towns with a phrase,
	Gold mic glitter, sweat mixed with praise.
	From busted-up stages to the center of the ring,
	I sell the impossible every time I sing.
	Come one, come all, hear the snare drum snap!
	Life on the road, beat bruises in my back.
	I’ve slept in the shadows of the ferris wheel glow,
	Now I holler through the chaos, “you ain’t seen this show!”
[Chorus]
	Welcome to the bigtop, raise the tent, don’t fold!
	Bigtop! Bigtop! Raw and bold!
	Welcome To The Bigtop, every freak, every sound!
	Welcome to the bigtop, run it into the ground!
[Bridge]
	Teeth on the strings, I chew distortion alive,
	Six-wire scalpel, let the feedback drive!
	I rhyme sideways, upside-down, unhinged,
	Scream-sung syllables, rusted and singed!
	No rules, no lanes, just voltage and spit,
	I set the tent on fire then dance in it!
[Chorus]
	Welcome to the bigtop, feel the floorboards shake!
	Bigtop! Bigtop! Hearts gon’ break!
	Welcome to the bigtop, no illusion, all real!
	Welcome to the bigtop, steel on steel!
	Welcome to the bigtop, this is our domain!
	Welcome to the bigtop, welcome to the Pain!
[Outro]
	Curtain call crushers, remember the name,
	Jimson Sirkus, fire, wire, and flame.
	When the lights go dark and the echoes don’t stop,
	You’ll still hear us shoutin’ "welcome to the bigtop!"

© 2026 Brian Artwick