Captain Big Old Blue - Big Doubloons

Lyrics:

[Intro]
	Yo ho ho, Hoobie Records is in the house ye all!
	Captain Big Old Blue is three sheets to the wind and takin' no prisoners!
	Savvy?
	Shiver me timbers, Hoobie Records is blown' a hole in your poop deck!
	Sink me, Captain Big Old Blue is gonna run a shot across your bow!
	Savvy?
[Verse]
	Ahoy, Matey, Captain Big Old Blue at the helm,
	Jolly Roger flyin’ high, Scourge of the Seven Seas realm.
	From the crow’s nest lookout cryin’ “Sail, Ho!” at noon,
	Cutlass gleam, broadside roar like a clap of thunder boom.
	Buccaneer with sea legs, got the chase gun primed,
	Landlubbers fall back when I run a rig on time.
	Avast ye, scurvy dogs, feel the fear in your eyes,
	Dead men tell no tales when my colors make you strike.
[Chorus]
	Big Booty!, (Big Doubloons!), Yo Ho Ho we ride,
	Big Booty, Big Doubloons stacked deep in the hold inside.
	From pieces of eight to coffer-filled tunes,
	Big Booty!, (Big Doubloons!), Captain rich with me crew.
[Verse]
	All hands on deck, weigh anchor, hoist the mizzen sail,
	Letters of marque in my pocket, Aye, we never fail.
	Broadside to a Man-O-War, make ‘em feed the fish,
	Keelhaul mutineers quick, No Prey, No Pay—Savvy this?
	Rum on the galley table, chantey in the night,
	Cat o’ nine tails ready if a bucko wanna fight.
	From the poop deck to the prow, I conquer every tide,
	Old salt wisdom in my beard, victory be my guide.
[Chorus]
	Big Booty!, (Big Doubloons!), hear the hearties swoon,
	Big Booty!, (Big Doubloons!), under sun and moon.
	Loot, plunder, bounty spillin’ out the spoons,
	Big Booty!, (Big Doubloons!), sing it loud, crew!
[Bridge]
	Blow me down, storms rage but I batten hatches tight,
	Thar she blows on the horizon, I’m ready for the fight.
	Spyglass visions of a fate I overrule,
	Walk the plank fear fades when you’re captain of your crew.
	From Davy Jones’ Locker I snatch my prize back soon,
	Shiver me timbers, I was born to win and rule.
[Chorus]
	Big Booty!, (Big Doubloons!), anthem of the sea,
	Big Booty!, (Big Doubloons!), all the wealth with me.
	Big Booty!, (Big Doubloons!), hear the cannons boom,
	Big Booty!, (Big Doubloons!), gold lightin’ up the gloom.
	Yo Ho Ho, from the mast to the saloon,
	Big Booty, Big Doubloons—Captain Big Old Blue!

© 2026 Brian Artwick
